I am still waiting for someone to understand that I have been asking for help for years. I have been telling everyone I can who I feel able to unload that kind of thing on that I am in pain and that I am not getting things that I need for survival even to the point that it hurts. This is not to blame anyone for that because it is not those people's responsibility to solve my problems, and I don't even know what the solution is. I just have gotten to the point that I can no longer after ten years keep talking about my problems even though I can't move forward because of how much pain I am in as a result of becoming so isolated from everyone and everything as I was left behind in some heavenly campaign upgrading believers to something more I guess. With that thought just coming to mind it really leaves me feeling about as confident in the stability that I so desperately seek in repeating truth constantly not because I am self righteous or anything like that but because it is the only stability and certainty that I can even relate to anymore. 

I don't know if it was said that I signed a release form to grant the complete denial of freedoms that I as a United States citizen born in the state of Oklahoma in 1976 and who paid at least $40k into Social Security during the years that I was employed and worked very hard contributing to the GNP. Or perhaps as I type this and hear high pitched squawking sounds in my ears and feel the ground start trembling a little more or possibly less than before, is that a sign from above to continue this or is it a sign from someone nearby to stop or is it just someone doing laundry? That is a lot to keep up with but how do you get feedback from the other side for anything when it has to be secret and avoid all the aforementioned prying eyes who refuse to see that their presence alone causes a complete breakdown in the very thing they so desperately want to observe? Is it thought that I deserve it because of what you heard that someone told you was out of my head that was so blasphemous and evil that it had to be more than human? How is everyone so absolutely sure of that fact when no one to this day has ever asked what my opinion about it is? Not once. Ever. Yet I am constantly hearing, when someone isn't trying to jam my hearing remotely with sound waves (remind me to find that patent for you so you don't dismiss those kinds of comments as the psychotic ranting of a crackhead as tends to happen even though I am not a crackhead except when the pressure builds from quickly multiplying cells that somehow turn to brown plastic ooze under hot water and come squishing out through my scalp and turn to grey particles that look like they are straight out of Michael Crichton's novel, Next. Or was it Prey? The one where the nanotech particles go crazy and trap everyone in that building. I think Next was about genetic engineering. Either way, every one of his books has been like prophesy in their warnings that we have usually chosen to overlook in spite of the convincing information that you read that is actually logical and thoroughly researched to the point that you put it down and wonder how those people were so stupid as you realize we are doing the same things here and now with no regard to their consequences. So if anyone wants to say, "Oh Jesus" and roll their eyes, if this thing that you all know about and refuse to acknowledge because you know I have no defense since it is in your power to "burn" me as if I am the witch causing all of this...

That is where I start to lose my temper because just for a second go back and look at everything as if I really was a human the entire time. Look at all the times that I was here crying and wondering why God had left me to rot while everyone around me was telling me to give up. Look at this as if it were not me who was having fun but the actual spiritual beings that you sought to contain and imprison until they behaved who knew how easy it was to deceive humans who were seeking them as some kind of newfound elite consultant that only the most important departments at the Pentagon or research teams or archaeologists or whoever could afford. But angels, real ones, the Hosts of Heaven, are only carrying out God's Will. You cannot employ someone and take them away from that to work for you instead as far as I know. So who is it that you are actually dealing with? Because aren't the only ones left the ones who He cast out of Heaven for learning how to deceive Him? Do you think they love humans that much and just want to help or do you think that they are just using any excuse they can to get close to humans and be able to find those with spiritual gifts so they can get in their heads and learn how God's people communicate and think and work together? 

Or are there also those on Earth who were not cast out that are available to help out because there may be a need? I do not have the answer and if I did none of you would get it because fuck you and you can all kiss my ass. But thank you for listening and thank you for teaching me how much everyone loves to start something and not finish it. ANd that is in regard to what happened in California mostly and just all around general fucking anger and rage that should not be directed at the good guys but it is because I am too tired to care anymore.

I am not the one coming up with insane dramas about jesus the side show who gives out univers font to people. things like that may originate in my head as i am focusing on Him a lot wondering why He is allowing the most horrible spiritual torture to take place to the point of me literally wanting to murder people even though I would not actually do that but it is getting close to that point as i sit here and feel nothing but resentment. and I pray for help saying that i can't take this and i don't understand how it is possible for a human being in this world to  be ignored when they are asking for help. a human being who has been a human being since he was born 45 years ago who is saying that over and over and over again and being ignored like you have decided that it is your right to start locking up angels who you suspect of something and confining them until they "give it up" or whatever you think they are doing. I can tell you who it probably is that is the actual one you seek even if her location is a complete mystery to me most of the time. but i do know where she has been lately since it has to be close to me. but hear me if you hear nothing else when i say this: THIS IS NOT A MISTAKE THAT YOU CAN MAKE. YOU CANNOT EVER EEEVVVEEERRR MISTAKE A HUMAN FOR AN ANGEL AND TORTURE THEM WAITING FOR THEM TO BREAK. You cannot ever do that, and you cannot ever conduct any kind of matter of punishment or judgment without a trial, and even then when it is a matter of a human who is created to live in the physical world with physical needs versus a matter of a spiritual being created to live in a spiritual world without the same physical requirements. I do not claim to know anything definitive about spiritual beings, but from what I can tell from truly being mistaken for one for reasons that involve technology and very deceptive and unfair associations made as a result of the delicacy of being identified as what humans would flock to like it was Sodom and Gomorrhah it
