I realized something that I won't bother writing because I am just annoying everyone with my personal problems and not doing what everyone else wants which is so unfair to them. And it is so selfish of me to still be upset about the same things that obviously by now are just my own deluded stupidity from all the drugs that I inhale all the time and from all the refusal to admit a problem that is obvious. Sorry to be so useless. But for fuck sake would you just either kill me or leave me alone already? Someone? Give whatever you want to the other guy. They can have whatever blessing or honor or whatever they are so desperate to have. I don't care anymore, and it's not like it really helps me to have anyone trying to message me with offers of things they can't offer and to try to give me relief without actually giving me anything. It is pretty fucked up to be expected to figure it out and make it happen on my own, and even when I tried to think about that I was met with someone else basically reading the list of what I had written down privately with a pencil in my bedroom when no one was around. Not only did they let me know that they were aware of everything I had written down, but they also then proceeded to let me know how much fun it was for them when they enjoyed it themselves. That is why when I came back from California and felt like the entire bus ride back was some fucked up journey with a whole lot of people who somehow knew who I was but at the same time didn't, and then of course sitting right in front of the loud and obnoxious people who somehow seemed to be some kind of alternative version of me that I still don't understand was a total treat. But what I don't understand is why all of that kept following me around. I wasn't the one tagging along. I was trying to get away from it. And yet every time I tried to go a different way or even get off the bus and wait for the next one, there it was again. So when that woman in the front of the bus who I thought was related to pizza sends that yellow sack back I thought to me since I had been thinking about that and was sort of under the impression because of what someone else had been talking about that all of that had been saved for me while I was doing all that "work" in Santa Cruz as a witness for something, I can't describe to you the feeling of disappointment to see it getting passed back and then just end up in the hands of the guys in front of me. By this point I was in the very back, so it wasn't the obnoxious ones who had been behind me at the start of the trip. But that woman who had passed it back was so confident in everyone knowing who it was meant for and everyone else seemed to be so much on the same wavelength. And there I am by myself still to this day having no idea if anything all these years really was actually supposed to be something that I was supposed to do or if I just was some kind of chew toy for someone up there to throw around and spit out when it got boring. That's also why when I got back to Oklahoma City and had been almost but not quite told that I was supposed to expect something when I got off the bus that I didn't really stick around for long enough to figure out what to do. There were no instructions or anything. Just a vague impression that I was supposed to get off and wait for some police officers or something. And there were some there, but they were talking to someone. And why would I just walk up to some police officers and say, "I'm here for my reward!"? But why would I understand any other way to approach that situation? There was no way for me to even try that, and after sitting on the curb for a few minutes, I realized that no one was going to be there to rescue me after that horrible nightmare, and I realized that my faith was not actually enough to make something happen since I had hoped that if I just got on the bus and came back home then everything would magically work out. I realized that my hope was way too optimistic for reality once again. Someone please tell me what I did wrong there if I faith and hope are supposed to be enough because that is just one of many reasons why I don't believe in anything anymore. Why should I? 
