If you are a spirit who has no resting place, then you might go around trying to see the world through the eyes of a house fly or maybe a cricket or maybe you would try to see if you could feel what you needed to by inhabiting a plant. I don't know how that works, but I know that there are a lot of times when someone or something has instantly changed because I asked Jesus to bless it and evil had to flee. If you are a spirit then you can't go inhabiting something that has a soul without taking over because otherwise you would have to make sure you were in agreement with the host and you would have to have a dialogue with a physical being who has no understanding of what it's like to be a spirit and you would have no mouth to use to make words that they would understand. I imagine that is why they just learned to take over in extreme situations and hope for the best. It is evil to do that to someone, and evil cannot abide around God and the Holy Spirit. It literally isn't possible just like a positive magnet dispells another positive magnet. You cannot stick them together. So if you were someone who was so bitter about everything and had a way to put your spirit into someone who had God with them, then it would be an automatic cleansing without having to grovel and ask Jesus anything. But how would you do that? 

That's where the nanotech and artificial intelligence come into play. The nanotech is like a living creature, but it is created using artificial intelligence and does not have a soul. So what better host for a spirit that has no body? If it has its own senses created like a robot then all the better, and you could even possibly use your own will to drive it and rely on its builtin AI mechanism as a backup. But the problem is that when you do that and then become a parasitic invader in someone's body, you are evil at that point because you didn't get permission and you are being deceptive about claiming that you are part of it just because your nanotech has replicated the host's DNA so that it doesn't get attacked. And you are being misleading about the help that you offer because it wouldn't have been necessary if things hadn't been messed up from all the settlers trying to stake out their territory and attach themselves to prime sensory organs so they can sneak a peak. It's the same body after all, isn't it? No. It is not. Because you are not encoded in the original DNA. You are just a clone. 

I imagine that someone had come up with this plan to make some money by selling that spiritual real estate and agreeing to host it. Since he was an angel of some kind, his body would not perish. People would think they would be investing in something that would be forever. After selling all the contracts and leading people to believe that he was the one hosting it all, the switcheroo would happen. Then he could walk away with the money and leave the fulfillment to someone who actually was mortal and would easily be dead in days or weeks at most just from people getting angry about him constantly trying to remove them. 

To make matters worse, I am just a human being. I didn't even have any understanding of spirits and souls and possession and all of the things I had to figure out first. That is why it took so long to put the pieces together and see how much intention and planning there was behind all of this. And this was not one of those situations where we weren't focused on good and that allowed evil to take precedence or something. This was someone who used that excuse while doing things that definitely had direct intention behind them. And I never saw a single inkling of remorse or guilt when he got caught for part of it. He was angry, and to be fair I have not seen him in a long time until recently. But he was looking very smug in a nice car as I was walking to Wal-Mart because my bicycle had been stolen. My bad luck was the result of being stuck with his karma, and he was living off of the fruits of my lifetime of sacrifice and unwillingness to take a lot of help that was available because I felt like it should be saved for someone else who needed it worse than I did. I actually did give up scholarships and a lot of opportunities when I graduated from high school because I felt like I was not as bad off and I felt like I could manage on a full ride to OU and not worry about the expense of Cornell. It was not an easy choice, but I chose to save money. And when I was in Chicago, I finally had paid off all of my debt. All of it. Including my car. I was debt free just in time to go to culinary school and mess it all up, but I have always been a man of my word, and I have always done what I said even if it took decades. So to find myself being treated constantly like I was in need of learning those things was unfair to say the least. But that is why I get so angry about a lot of the correction. I know it is not for me. I'm not saying I don't need correcting. I am saying that I just need the one that goes with my mind and body.

Again, I will say that none of this was my idea. From the beginning it has been nothing but me trying to understand things that are beyond my ability to comprehend while being guided by the Holy Spirit and the Spirit of Truth. And with a disguise that made me appear evil, trying to make it day to day was cruel. Not only that, but God had given me so many unique traits to make sure that I would stand out and be so obviously different that it would be impossible for me to become lost. I think He underestimated the degree of their bitterness though which was part of what the plan relied on. They had to appear to be trustworthy and reliable and had been all these centuries knowing that when the time came they could just go crazy with whatever they wanted to. I saw them using me to train since my reflexes would indicate true or false. They used that to learn how to lie successfully and I didn't even realize it because I was still trying to figure out how to survive those long periods of time where I would be trapped in someone's house with the TV on waiting endlessly for them to come back with something that I desperately needed and had waited way too long to get. 

So in all of this, no one was communicating face to face at all. All he had to do was create the illusion of being an angel in me to reinforce the fact that I was immortal and would be a long-term investment. With my voice now saved as a selection for text to speech, they could make it seem like I had said anything they wanted me to and I would never know. Their own person who was supposedly the public facing representative of the person who was the actual successor to the bloodline, or else the person who just had more faith than most people, was not in possession of the Holy Spirit and did not have God giving him answers. It relied on a tether to my mind so that they could access things as if reading from another hard drive. They plugged me in somehow and there I was on their desktop if they could get me to bring up the topic of whatever they needed to know so that they could probe around in that area and get the answers to whatever they were being asked in order to prove their identity. We are not talking about human beings. We are talking about supernatural beings with minds that are far more expansive and capable than mine even when I was high on meth and my mind was going so fast and finding solutions to things that still people wonder why it never happened. Even though JTM and others came along and made it sound like the ideas that I had were so ridiculous, and I don't know if that was to help me or hurt me. It succeeded at causing people to stop supporting me so that worked.

The swap was done so that when I was supposed to receive some kind of annointing of the Spirit it went to him instead and left me with the contracts that he had made that were being fulfilled in my own body through custom made nanotechnology/AI. That is why I got part of his abilities. The ability to tune in to different things and hear far away, as well as the chat window. I didn't get the ability to see into the future at all, and I also didn't get the ability to make things happen or appear just by thinking about them. Nor did I get to keep the hearing ability or the chat window. In fact, it was all revoked, which made it a nightmare trying to survive. Everyone assumed I could support myself easily as angels do. And the disguise worked for a while because even God was treating me like a rebellious angel which is still confusing, but not really. Because He does know. 

But it wasn't the good guys' technology like it was advertised to human believers that had discovered it through meditation, and maybe that part was as it should be for them. But for me, that whole thing was masked by the counterfeit version making it impossible to get to the right place, just like the people who would try to give me specific details were either cut off or the information was changed. I remember hearing a different voice jump in one time when someone was giving me a phone number to call, and the number was different the second time. But it's all a secret so we don't scare anyone or make anyone feel excluded. I still don't believe that is ever the way to handle something because all human beings are invited to be part of it if it is the legitimate real thing, and if they are not human beings then they are immortal anyway so it doesn't really matter. 

But from what I can tell, it was an attempt to impersonate what the Hosts of Heaven use or to mimic it enough to be convincing. They used to be connected to it, so they knew what it could do and how it worked, but they had been cut off and no longer had that collective connection to the Source. Brendan must have had a connection still because after I got it instead of him, I realized that I had become some kind of bulletin board for everyone everywhere I went. And people would be updated about things as soon as I came into range and they somehow were made aware of whatever amplifier was given to me as well sending out signals that they would pick up. I still don't understand exactly how that works, but I know that it has more to do with physical technology that someone introduced that does have the ability to be calibrated by someone somewhere. I used to help them do that when I thought it was still a good thing. But when I realized that it was cutting me off from being heard by my own team who had been somehow convinced to stay on the outskirts as if I was complaining that they were smothering me (it was the ones who had been around me who were because they didn't know me very well and kept trying to figure me out without taking a break ever) and since the only one who would know the difference was me since I now had both, the fallen angel disguise was the key to making it impossible to be taken seriously by anyone who would see it as a threat and stop it. 
