I have been meaning to write about "Tikhelet" for a very long time, and actually had applied for a grant at the community center here in Norman right before everyone there seemed to turn mean and made it really difficult for me to be there anymore. I still wonder if that was a coincidence or not. I had a lot of experiences with people over the last few years, however, that kept pointing me in that direction, and I remember reading in some ancient Kabbalah text that the secret of what tikhelet was would be revealed in the end times when we would also start to see even children learning the secrets that had been hidden except to the extremely devoted who were able to find them. My nieces and nephews have been so prophetic in the things that they do that they don't even realize how gifted they are compared to what was possible a few decades ago, and I don't think that is just a family trait. I believe that we are starting to see the revelation of Who God really is in preparation for His return. And the only ones who need to fear that are those who stand to lose the Earth as their playground which it was never supposed to be in the first place. [^1]

[^1] There are other personal reasons why I feel like this was a task expected of me that I won't get into here, but just as an example to explain why I get excited about certain things that seem childish or disrespectful, I will say that I had a rabbit years ago who was really my first pet as an adult living on my own that no one else was responsible for taking care of. His name was Alfred Lord Tiblet, or just Tiblet. I know that if I went around saying that I had a rabbit named Tiblet that was litter box trained as the reason why I felt like I had some spiritual obligation to God to write about something very sacred and special, then a lot of people would be outraged and offended. To me it is helpful, however, to hear people talk about things like that in their own experiences because it helps me to feel more connected to others. It also seems like it would be helpful to others to see the more unconventional ways that God can speak to us or guide us or help us feel reassured in things that are His calling but that might not be the type of thing you would expect to hear about in a church sermon. I believe that it also gives more color and depth to God Himself. It helps us to see Him not as a distant obscure idea irrelevant to the details of our daily lives, but as the fulfilment of what has been taught to so many Christians in this country from day one: that He is also a friend and shepherd Who loves us and knows us better than we know ourselves. 

Which is why it has shocked me several times to be blasted by what I thought was God for something that made no sense to me and still doesn't when I look back and try to figure out why it happened. He was pissed off at me about something that I didn't feel like I deserved to be chastised for since He had made it seem like He was expecting me to do it at the same time. So was He just angry at the timing thinking that it should have been already dealt with? Or was He just doing that because someone else was paying attention and needed to see that for some reason that I do not even know about? That is where it starts to become ridiculous and impossible to have some unknown audience out there that thinks that they have told me things because of other people who come forward without any endorsement or even recognition by me of their doing that who also make it seem like I do by showing up and inserting extra things into the conversation in a way that makes no sense to me but that I can't really say anything about since it makes no sense to me. Or they will bring up some random topic out of nowhere and talk about something that they want making it look like they are suggesting that to me when after that I never hear anything about that ever again. Meanwhile I assume they are being handed a job offer by those people in return for the publicity? And they justify it because of the stress I put them through because of things they shouldn't have been feeling responsible for to begin with? Like the people who got mad at me for asking for things that involved breaking and entering which caused them to think it was actually happening since they had been supposedly protecting me by being me. Their telling me about those things basically outed them as the ones doing it, and what I can't figure out is who they were and why they didn't know that I was so desperate because they were taking everything. Except to them it looked like something it wasn't, and that is what is so infuriating. To know that people would go to that much trouble to try to make you happy and that people would go to that much trouble to know exactly what was perfect in ways that nobody could ever possibly know and that could only have been God and not even a silly machine that keeps getting things wrong but then to hear about it from someone else or to see it happen right in front of you while everyone just assumes you are garbage because God doesn't love anyone with all the problems that you have that they caused. 

I'm sorry... I keep trying, and I keep just messing it all up because my cup is overflowing. With bitterness. And with too much to do with nothing but crumbs, albeit good ones, partly, but goddam. Don't say, "FINE" like I am a problem. I do not want more chances or more treats or anything. I don't want anything. Please. Seriously. Stop pouring out Your storehouses because I do not want anything. It just keeps making people think that it's ok to take advantage of me, and it makes You angry with me when You come back and nothing is done. So no more storehouses or blessings or anything please. Just make sure I am not falling apart and that I am not being cursed all day every day making any attempt to decurse me useless since they just reapply it as soon as I remove it or have You remove it. And I am losing my ability to trust You at all when it becomes a matter of someone else mixing up my thoughts and theirs and passing them off as theirs if the reception is good and mine if it's bad. I have no idea. But that is part of it too. Why do people still act like something is up but no one will tell me? And why is there still this expectation that I will draw the parallel from one to the other and solve the puzzle? And why are there still so many 

and I am perfectly aware of other things that I did get chastised for that did convict me. One of them being recently when I was convicted of my having given up on being nice and empathetic and trying to word things in a constructive way instead of just being a bitch all the time and screaming that everyone was going to go to hell as if that would make people feel better and realize that I was not the terrorist everyone started to think for some reason. It's just that when you have something that God wants you to say and when people decide that you aren't qualified to say it or decide to shove you down and make it impossible because they think it's your fault for saying it and not theirs or because you were so angry about so many things that it came out as the only option you had as leverage to defend yourself even though it was true either way, it's frustrating to say the least to feel like you are being classified as the problem and have your freedom of speech taken away from you by people who should understand how important that is. And there are many different people that could apply to, so don't take offense and assume it's ... but there I go being lukewarm again. 

And anyone who has a genuine connection with God as well as a platform that causes them to be seen as credible these days I can tell you will have the biggest target on their head from both this world and the next.

I am starting to understand where the Joseph in Egypt theme comes into play. The woman I keep hearing who sounds like she is the head of the church of Scientology or something like that. And every time someone comes along who begins to learn about the same concepts and genuinely begins to understand them and connect with God through them the way they were meant to be learned and undderstood

I am mostly starting to resent God, however, because of all of the times He has done that smack down on me because He either thought that I was being spoiled to death not realizing it was just death because the ones who were supposed to deliver something decided not to. And then I had no way to justify needing that much that badly because when I am around other people I forget how much pressure and frustration and stress there is the rest of the time. It sounds so stupid to talk about it, and it requires you to actually be confident in who you are and be able to explain it in a believable way to a lot of people who think you are crazy. That would have been a selling point and something fun to be proud of if it hadn't been for the constant threat of being locked up for things that I had already been through, or for the constant and ridiculous nightmare of people enforcing things that apparently are only enforced when some arbitrary and unknown person declares that at that moment I am Bae, the voice of God, and not Matt, the disgusting human that no one has to take seriously. 

And I am starting to resent everyone for going out of their way to not tell me anything about that while I was absolutely aware of it and expected to figure it out on my own, I guess, but then by the time I did I was no longer able to do anything with it which makes me wonder if when someone told me a long time ago that it was all being done for me and not to me... was that because he thought I was someone I am not? Was it because he was trying to tell me something that was true? Or was it part of a long-standing plot to build me up and then make me look and feel stupid when I took the bait and ran with it turning myself into some ego-maniac? I guess thank you, everyone, for making sure that that did not happen. I appreciate the effort to protect me and the world from that sort of thing, but I feel like you may have hit a little bit too hard and then hit a little harder again and then picked me up and dusted me off a little bit and then slapped me on the back knocking me over again while trying to reassure everyone that everything was ok. I'm still laying face down in the mud, though, while you all are just standing around trying to figure out if someone should do something. It's fine either way, but I might need someone to help me out of this mud at some point so I can breathe again. No hurry. Who needs oxygen anyway? Not my mother anymore. So thank you for that too. And now that we have been around the world and back with the different options to put in my pipe with some excuse about how inappropriate it would be to offer Jesus methamphetamine (but heroin was acceptable??? I wouldn't offer anyone either though to be honest, but I guess that trip to Calumet years ago just to see it since it was on the Baking Powder can set the wrong impression on that one...)

This is why this topic never has gotten done. And this is why I was supposed to be sort of spoiled a little bit at least. Because that left me happy and feeling good so that I would want to do things for other people and for God. Now I am just bitter and feel like everyone has taken advantage of me for so long that I have learned not to share or help at all. I am thankful that people do not still try to get me to pick up trash like I used to. That kind of behavior doesn't happen because you tell someone to do it. It happens because you feel like you want to contribute something. When you have contributed until you are contributed out and then are expected to contribute more and the well dried up long ago because of all the contributions, that is not the kind of situation that lends itself to contributing more.
