I had an epiphany in the shower just now that might explain a lot of the confusion. It's kind of full of ridiculousness, of course, but if it makes sense to anyone then maybe it will help and everyone else can just go on writing me off as insane. 

So let's say that my body has been invaded by little nanotechnology particles tuned to my DNA for research purposes. And let's say that those particles know how to assemble themselves into lots of different things, one being what appears to be a parasite or worm infestation. It would make it impossible to remove it since it's not really that at all in the first place any more than a LEGO castle is actually a castle and not a bunch of little bricks. 

Let's then say that somehow it does use sugar to somehow reproduce itself, and many things count as sugar including ingredients in soap and shampoo.

Just to be clear, this is not me inventing something horrible which is the cause for everyone's nightmare. If anything is really going on then this is a necessary mitigation attempt and also because if I didn't talk about my own observations somewhere then I would be negligent in explaining my personal experiences which could have helped a lot of people prevent a lot of far worse things. That is my intention in writing this, and I promise considering how much I have already suffered because of my need to tell people what I know in order to help people, and considering how the ones who seem to be doing these things are the ones who keep getting rewarded while I get punished for being responsible, I have nothing to gain in writing any of this down. I am also not even certain how much of this is true or how much of it depends on my own ability to influence the nature of things around me or anywhere just by writing about it or saying it in certain circumstances. Since there has often been confusion about who was the valid human source, something I find hard to believe but I keep forgetting the thing that I sat down to explain here. So let me get back to that before I forget.

Let's say that those observing the ratio of human to parasite by mass were using that as a gauge to decide how much of what I did or said was my own behavior and how much was influenced by something else attached to my brain and nervous system. If they suddenly noticed a drastic decrease in parasite after they had been giving me a certain substance to help get rid of it, then they would assume that it was that substance that was successful. It would probably show a drastic change because in my depression and despair I would be even more angry at all of that and I would have nothing else to do except take the time to brew all sorts of herbal tea to dump in the bathtub and then use the teabags as a compress in certain areas like my forehead in an attempt to regain access to my pineal gland that someone else seems to have taken control of to use for their own purposes somehow. I would take the time to put salt in the water and then soak with plastic on my skin anywhere that it stuck out of the water so that any of the places where it had burrowed to the surface for oxygen would be covered, and then only my face would be sticking out of the water just enough so I could breathe. I was told that I needed to be completely submerged for about 10-15 minutes and that would do the trick, and that is a long time to just lay there like that. But when I have done that I have noticed a drastic increase in gas that seems to be an indication of when a significant piece of it dies. Also, the weakness that I notice in several specific places in my body will return. And one thing I noticed also is that when you apply pressure to it for long enough if you can hold it in place like Jasper and the Chihuahua, it will rupture and die. It seemed to be a good thing if it was a significantly large part like on my head that might contain some kind of memory that would be lost if it were broken down, and that is why I would justify doing that knowing it would probably cause a proliferation of new ones.

And then when they saw me not so concerned with much at all in the shower except just to get it done so I could go get me some fun, then there would be very little change. It might actually increase because I was using the cheaper soap that didn't have lemon or orange in it and I wasn't using the herbal shampoo that I had added tea tree oil it (I know I don't have much hair on my head but I still use shampoo). But after a while that was no longer possible for many reasons that had nothing to do with what I was using as much as how I had become completely incapable of enjoying life at all even when I did have a brief window of opportunity because there was always someone involved who felt like I should be doing something else. And they were able to involve themselves at least enough to make it impossible to relax because all it takes is for someone to walk by and knock on the door and keep on walking or bang on the walls or to call from a wrong number but with something significant showing up on the caller ID. For someone who is already having a hard time with peace because they are thought to be some kind of demon mentioned in the Book of Enoch whose curse was to never find peace, and for some reason it's like even other human beings were taught that they were supposed to help enforce that (or else I have been around a lot of non-human beings for a long time).

Human beings are never supposed to be involved in the affairs of angels or demons or anything spiritual. We were not created to do that, and the separation was intentionally designed to prevent that from happening. I am not God, and I did not design any of this, but from what I can tell it was done perfectly the way it was originally. Honestly I feel like my own body was fine without the extras, but it seems more like another one of those things that was an alternative to something that God was going to do so that there would always be an alternative version in case anyone tried to declare a miracle was done. They would say, "No, that was something that we did and he just didn't realize it."

But that's not true. I haven't seen much lately like I used to and that sort of thing is exactly why. But what I know for sure is that just about any significant miracle I ever talked about that wasn't just a personal sort of thing had at least two different versions that I saw, and some of those were more like a hokey version  that would have made me look like a total moron for even thinking it was really a miracle. Some of those were completely different interpretations entirely, and some of them I am sure I didn't even realize were related to that. 

But the most significant things I remember were so subtle and not even something you could describe to make it sound like a miracle, but because of the timing and the situation in my own personal life that would make no sense to anyone else, and this is not something that only I have experienced but also others as well so I am not claiming to be the only one that God loves by any means. But I think it would have been helpful to me if others shared things like this with me so that I would not have ever been susceptible to any kind of ego trip or humiliating assumptions about who I was since everyone was so interested in pulling all of that out of my head and either getting it mixed up with their own thoughts before passing it on or else it was just humiliating on its own to begin with. 

But that would explain why people assumed that certain substances were the reason for my being human and others were the reason why I seemed to be pursuing the wrong things. It would explain why people assumed that if I was eating candy it was because I was trying to feed something since it would have been at a time when I was having serious problems craving things. And then when I would finally get a hold of something, anything, that took care of that craving, it looked like all that growth from the sugar was from that substance. When I declared war on it because it was getting out of control and fired up a hot bath and cooked it while drinking natural root beer that has more herbal potency that counters any amount of sugar it has, then it looked like that substance had cured me when I went outside and people noticed a drastic change in whatever they used to gauge who I was. 

There was also another factor that had a huge effect on the way the natural world interacted with me and it was most noticeable when I took a giant dose of antibiotics for something a while back. It killed all of my gut flora most likely, and then I had taken a bath in water that I had put some bleach in as suggested by some other people who seemed to have success with that in keeping the alien at bay. No pun intended there. So I basically sterilized myself, and then I noticed that the birds were confused about who I was and the squirrels and rabbits kept a further distance. That sort of thing made me wonder if there was some kind of identifiable signature that we all have that is influenced by things we can't really sense but that others with much greater abilities to smell can. And that would include any amount of bacteria and life on your skin which is just natural and normal even when you bathe. And if you have a lot of healthy bacteria then it would seem that you would be less susceptible to things like COVID or MRSA because it couldn't get any foothold if all those other things were there. I know there are other factors, but I noticed that if I put yogurt on the places where "the thing" was most prevalent like on my head or crotch (and it also numbed my senses I noticed as if it were transferring all that energy into itself and sending it elsewhere while people were saying it was something I was sharing. But it required an active behavior of some kind like a spell or a hex or who knows what to keep doing that kind of thing because there is no way you can tell me that some parasite just grew over my forehead randomly and siphoned only specific parts of my energy off into some enemy place and left all the bad things for me to deal with? It's a very intelligent parasite that knows far more about spiritual things than any human does which makes you wonder how it knows all those things if it was something that evolved on a planet that doesn't even understand them yet. And for that reason I don't think it should be studied for those purposes since I know how God hates discoveries being handed gift wrapped to humans by angels or demons or anyone outside of humanity. That is what caused the flood, and even though He promised never to do that again He did leave multiple other options available should they ever forget what happened before and try to do the same thing again. And hiding just underneath the surface of the skin while trying to spread out all over the place unnoticed does not mean you are safe. It is polite to not disturb one's reception of UV light, and I know that kills you. But when you take away my sphincter sensitivity and remove the joy of pooping leaving it just as a gross thing with no satisfaction, then you declare war on me. And never make the mistake of me being on your side no matter how many times I think you are the answer to some prayer of mine and no matter how many times you jump in to answer those without actually doing any good.

So even though now and then I do find the real thing, my circumstances are not really a good gauge for any kind of general rule or guideline or anything. Who am I to be worth observing anyway? Supposedly I was in the bloodline of David, or else I was just one of the only people left who had a very strong compulsion to only pray earnestly and never just repeat meaningless words. Even when I recite the Lord's Prayer, I often find myself pausing a lot to make sure I not only say that part, but I also have to think about it and what it means and make sure I am feeling that as a desire of mine and I have to think about what things are related to that in my current situation. Occassionally I get frustrated because I feel like someone is telling me to pray when I am angry or upset, and I knew I would not be able to at that time because of my attitude. If pressed I would rattle it off really fast with a lot of "fucking..." or "bullshit" added into it because of how pissed off I was at someone forcing me (by not shutting up until I did it) to pray when it would have caused me to repeat something I did not mean. And the more you do that the easier it becomes and the less value your words have when you pray. That is the way it feels to me like it works, but nothing is black and white when it comes to God. 

Yahweh is God. Jesus Christ is God. Yahweh Yeshua is Jesus Christ. To me it is important to recognize Jesus, Yeshua, as next to Yahweh, seated at His left hand in English, but at His right hand in Hebrew. And maybe that is somehow related to my dad telling me about his justification for putting my mom at his right side in the cemetary instead of the usual left side.
