+I started to write an explanation about how being holy was not about being pure or perfect or anything at all except who you are, and I got as far as looking up the Strong's Concordance numbers for the word "holy" and typing them out. I couldn't find my sketchbook, and I normally do it by hand with a pencil, but this seemed like a good word for startingn that lexicon section of this site that I wanted to use to explain how words that we read in Bible verses that sound so stuffy and repulsive are not at all what we think. Holy, repent, righteous... those are the big ones that come to mind. I used to get deep into etymology with Webster's 1828 dictionary before I lost it in someone's RV fire, but I found an online version that was actually so usable that I tried unsuccessfully to download the entire thing to save in case I got disconnected from not paying my bill. 

But then as soon as I started I was interrupted by a million people who were so excited to jump on the chance to call me out for being a hypocrite. I mean, someone on Grindr even suddenly was wanting to bring me GHB and couldn't stop telling me he was going to come over so I could suck his big fat d***. So I can see that I need to put this on hold and make a very clear statement about who I am and what my intentions are and also who I am not and who I have no desire to be because it's pretty sad when the people who judge Christians for being intolerant and close-minded turn out to be even worse themselves. It's the kind of thing that makes me want to give up on everyone and everything, and I already feel like that about my faith most of the time as it is. But it is because of things like that that turn my stomach and ultimately I do get angry at God which I know is unfair. But it is still frustrating when it feels like His help is completely hindered as if these people are stronger than He is which is what it feels like when you are screaming for help and nothing comes because of whatever reason. And this was supposed to be His chance to take His turn and show off after everyone else was done with their turn, but I guess they couldn't do that without ... without what? Why couldn't they do that? Because then I would know what they had been doing? What did everyone think was going to happen? That you could just go all out torturing and ignoring all the rules because it was a contest against God which meant you were playing outside of the rules? You can do anything you want to. Everyone has free will. But that doesn't mean you are free from justice and getting caught. I had been granted permission long ago to do the only illegal things that I do which are not even illegal in other countries. And it's not illegal by God's law either aside from following the laws of the land. That is why it was significant that I got permission, even though someone else claimed it as theirs because he had more power and influence than I did. A lot of people have done that and the more they did the more impossible it became to prove I was the one who earned it by my reputation and by doing things because I had confidence in the fact that it would hold up if anyone looked into it. And so far it has even against the odds and even with everyone poised at every moment to jump in and catch me. That doesn't mean that I still am strong enough to follow through with what I wrote a long time ago about taking something all the way to the supreme court though. That was not a public declaration of intent, but it was conveyed that way to a lot of people who have felt that I let them down. I wrote that before I was broken completely by my experience in North Carolina, and I have tried to make that clear many times since then. I am not the same person anymore, so when you came looking for the outspoken Jesus freak who had the dog that could understand what I said and the ability to focus on God and allow Him to turn ashes into gold when it was His will and not the will of someone who wanted to be rich (which is why parking yourself around me and starving me until I am forced to make that happen is never going to work and is about as f***ed up as all the other things people have done to me just because God drew near to me for no other reason than I was genuine. You wouldn't know that today most likely though since I spend most of my time screaming at Him for leaving me and throwing things and breaking them and keeping my mouth shut every opportunity I get to talk about Him. But that is because I feel like people are fishing for those things and it feels like just one more example of conditional love. Everyone requires something in return in order to be there for you and when you can't give it to them you're lucky if you are allowed to have any sort of peace at all. Angels are messengers from God. They can be Heavenly Hosts like Gabriel or Michael, they can be Watchers here on Earth, or they can even be human beings that He chooses to convey a message to other humans since angels of the spiritual nature are not meant to cross over that division except in extremely important circumstances. Like the advent of the Messiah and the apocalyptic events of the end of the world. Those are kind of extreme circumstances where you do not want to risk the fallibility of human nature that makes all other communication a little less perfect. That is not a flaw in design. It is a blessing to be able to get help from above at all. Why it keeps getting turned into some kind of cosmic vending machine free to plunder I do not know, but years ago God did give me a very clear message that came with a boot falling onto the floor in my hotel room as if to kick me for not delivering it then when I was supposed to. That was my fault, and that was over a year ago. But it was the clearest message I have ever received from Him and it was this: QUIT ROBBING ME. And that is a quote from Him. From Yahweh directly to everyone who has been cutting me off, demanding I justify to you what you took, and ignoring me when I told you I needed something. It is directly to those of you who roll your eyes and say, "Matt... do you really need to get some d***? Come on. Are you telling me that you REALLY need meth and GHB?" I don't know what you all have and what you have been sitting on or rerouting to your own pockets, so I don't know the answer to that. The message is to you all not to me. So if you are asking me that and you have been noticing strange things show up that you can't explain that you assumed to be from some Satanic cult that figured out they could follow me around and claim everything so they wouldn't have to pay for it themselves, then you know better than I do. And I don't know who all has been involved, but I suspect it was not all just about racism and gender. I have wondered how many times you put glyphosphate in what I was given or what other chemicals you enjoyed watching me smoke that never killed me. I'm not sure who made the magnetic stuff and how much of what you gave me actually did cure cancer or how much of that was just garbage knowing that you could take the credit for what healing God did. But what I am saying is that instead of seeing this as a chance to destroy me and giggle about it because you were annoyed by the things I screamed about you or about the things I wrote somewhere in a terminal and never even saved or because of voices you heard that were not even mine at all, I think this was supposed to be something along the lines of Goodwill and Union, and yet there are still too many people directly involved who would rather put me in my place and keep pocketing the good stuff because they are the only connection between you and me and they know that they can get away with it because how are you going to ever find out? You rely on them to give you all the information about me. They control my phone. They control my drugs. They control my life. The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world. And I am the one that was called Ba which often implied baby. Because that is what I am compared to everyone else. It is God that does anything significant, and I am happy to give Him the credit for that because it frees me from being culpable for anything that happened. If your camp got burned down then was it me that cursed you or did you attack me when I had asked God for the Shield of Faith? And my faith believed that if someone cursed me I could reflect it back to them. I have no interest in magic or spells because I don't want to be responsible for the consequences, and an argument could be made for manslaughter in situations that involve someone doing that to another person. Why there is no law against occult magic is beyond me because it is real and it is dangerous. And the terrifying thing to me is that the last time I was at a bookstore, the special deals section up front was covered with books about witchcraft and magic and spells aimed at children as if it were just a hobby and a cool thing to play with. What the F is wrong with anyone who would advertise Satan to children? I mean someone go find the people at Barnes & Noble and pick them up by the neck and shake them until they have some sense returned to their corporate board room selves. You made me use "selves" which isn't even a word. That is how upset that makes me. Because I found one tiny little book about God on the back side that was half buried. And yet when I want to get high and make someone feel good and feel good myself in a mutually beneficial and agreed upon situation I suddenly am attacked as if I am some kind of evil monster trying to shove my Jesus down everyone's throat while having sex privately behind closed doors? That is the best part. That people accuse me the way that they do and try to destroy me using private conversations in a gay hookup app. How are you going to argue anything when you were there too? Because I have posted screenshots of my conversations publicly before without revealing anyone's identity. And I have even sent printouts of them to the FBI to show them what was going on. They apparently were involved in it somehow is all I can figure though because all that happened was that the scrutiny was tightened. So eventually it leaves me with a feeling that everyone had some kind of stake in it including the Feds, and that is why the Eddie pie-hands theory became the dominant one. It wasn't necessarily all those different entities as much as something that has its hands in all the pies. Or has its fingers in all the cakes? Not only does that make it impossible to detect, but it makes it impossible to fight because they just all retreat back into their agency or board room and let them take the blame. And then we are back to guerilla warfare. Eventually we might even get back to cinnamon rabbit babies and Schroedinger's Cat, but I am not taking responsibility for Terms and Conditions. That was enforced by someone else, and I still will say even in this state of perpetual poverty and neck squeezing deprivation that I would not ever want anything that came from that because it was underhanded and stupid. I said it then and I'm saying it again. And I'll also say again that it was not being high that caused it. If it did then it was also being high that convicted me and made me remove it as soon as I posted it. I will never back down from that because it is important to me that I fight back against the ones who think that they can come at me with lies and tricks and make everyone else that I don't even know about think that I am being picky or unreasonable while they give me the same thing I repeatedly tell them I don't want while telling me to shut up under their breath. To say that being high was the reason why everything went  bad exonerates them and makes it harder for me to seek the help that I need because no matter what was going on at the time, the fact remains that there were complications from a medication that I was taking during a time of sobriety, and during that time of sobriety was when I noticed the problems that I still suffer from. And the people who keep coming at me telling me to shut up and making my life a living hell unless I admit that I was high during any time that there were problems is a clear indication of who they represent. That's all I am saying.
